Add Java agent section to installation docs (#91)
elastic/apm-aws-lambda: docs/aws-lambda-extension.asciidoc

The rest of this guide contains instructions for instrumenting a Lambda function. There are two high level steps to instrumenting an AWS Lambda function.

1. Installing the Lambda Extension ...
   * ... <<aws-lambda-install,Using the Installer>>

>    * ... <<aws-lambda-manual-instrumentation,Through Manual Installation>>

Reviewer: Why the ellipsis here?

Author: cc @AlexanderWert - is this a placeholder for something?

[[aws-lambda-variables]]
=== The Necessary Variables

> NOTE: The necessary environment variables depend on the APM agent being used. Follow the https://www.elastic.co/guide/en/apm/agent/nodejs/current/lambda.html[Node.js agent setup guide], https://www.elastic.co/guide/en/apm/agent/python/current/lambda-support.html#lambda-setup[Python agent setup guide] or https://www.elastic.co/guide/en/apm/agent/java/current/aws-lambda.html#aws-lambda-instrumenting[Java agent setup guide], respectively, for specific instructions on setting the environment variables.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
NOTE: The necessary environment variables depend on the APM agent being used. Follow the {apm-node-ref}/lambda.html[Node.js agent setup guide], {apm-py-ref}/lambda-support.html#lambda-setup[Python agent setup guide] or {apm-java-ref}/aws-lambda.html#aws-lambda-instrumenting[Java agent setup guide], respectively, for specific instructions on setting the environment variables.
```

==== `ELASTIC_APM_SERVER_URL`

This _must_ be configured to the value `http://localhost:8200`.  This configuration field controls where your APM Agent sends data.  The extension listens for data on `localhost:8200`.

[discrete]
[[aws-lambda-handler]]
== Configuring the Agent and Lambda Function handler

Once you've installed the extension, there's one last step to take. You'll need to wrap the Lambda function handler.

[discrete]
[[aws-lambda-nodejs]]
=== Node.js

In Node.js, you wrap a Lambda function handler using the following syntax.

[source,js]
----
const apm = require('elastic-apm-node').start({/*...*/})
exports.handler = apm.lambda(async function handler (event, context) {
    const response = {
      statusCode: 200,
      body: "hello new async."
    };
    return response
})
----

> See the https://www.elastic.co/guide/en/apm/agent/nodejs/current/lambda.html[Node.js agent setup guide] for detailed instructions on setting up the Node.js agent for AWS Lambda.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
See the {apm-node-ref}/lambda.html[Node.js agent setup guide] for detailed instructions on setting up the Node.js agent for AWS Lambda.
```

[discrete]
[[aws-lambda-python]]
=== Python

In Python, you wrap a Lambda function handler using the following syntax.

[source,python]
----
from elasticapm import capture_serverless
@capture_serverless()
def handler(event, context):
    return {"statusCode": r.status_code, "body": "Success!"}
----

> See the https://www.elastic.co/guide/en/apm/agent/python/current/lambda-support.html[Python agent setup guide] for detailed instructions on setting up the Python agent for AWS Lambda.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
See the {apm-py-ref}/lambda-support.html[Python agent setup guide] for detailed instructions on setting up the Python agent for AWS Lambda.
```

[discrete]
[[aws-lambda-java]]
=== Java

> Similarly to the extension, the Elastic APM Java agent is installed as a Lambda layer as well. Since it relies on a

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Like the extension, the Elastic APM Java agent is installed as a Lambda layer. Since it relies on a
```

https://docs.aws.amazon.com/lambda/latest/dg/runtimes-modify.html[wrapper script] to automatically attach to the
Lambda function, not all environment variables listed in <<aws-lambda-variables>> need to be configured.

> See the https://www.elastic.co/guide/en/apm/agent/java/current/aws-lambda.html[Java agent setup guide] for detailed instructions on setting up the Java agent for AWS Lambda.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
See the {apm-java-ref}/aws-lambda.html[Java agent setup guide] for detailed instructions on setting up the Java agent for AWS Lambda.
```
